First: your GOT-themed display font is a nice touch, but it might be difficult for some people to read, especially on small screens. Be very gentle with your use of display fonts in the future. Your design in general also gets a little cramped at 320px screens - the sizes we start with when testing projects at Thinkful. In general, it's best to design with smaller screens in mind and then make elements take up more space (or flow differently to take up more columns) when you know you have the room.

Your form structure could be more semantic. Look back to the lesson on forms: do you see unordered lists used to group inputs? Pay attention to the fieldset and legend tags; these are much more appropriate than a list. Remember that a legend is there to give the prompt that the form controls in a fieldset hope to answer. In your app, what prompt is that?

On that note, think carefully about how you structure your HTML in general. Create sections only when you feel that content is not meaningfully related to a previous section, but that all your sections come together to make the same overall point. Think of creating sections in a main like breaking an essay down into body paragraphs, if that helps.

Your MVC approach to JavaScript is great to see. Your model, though, does not quite make the best use of JavaScript's datatypes. Should each possible answer be its own key in a question? Can't the possible answers be one array? Changing your data structure would change how you deal with rendering, but practicing this now will be helpful as your apps get more complex! Make some changes to incorporate these notes, but you're not required to resubmit the app. Keep up the great work!